https://youtu.be/-xGxywmTKeI

Good day. My name is Dmitry and I am a junior frontend developer. I have finished Saint-Petersburg Polytechnic University and got a master degree in electromechanic industry in 2015 but I am working as a Quality engineer for the more than 8 years. My first try to start studying programming was 4 years ago during COVID-19 pandemic. I have found Phyton free courses in the Internet. These courses included theoretical materials and 10 video lessons where a process of some features programming was described in details. But the problem is that these video lessons can teach you only to execute some specific tasks. After I finished this course, I didn’t get enough experience and motivation to continue growing my skills. In the meantime restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic were reduced and I had to continue working on my permanent work. In November 2022 my wife has found RS School courses and booked a place on the stage 0. I asked her to enroll me too, because I first of all felt some desire to improve my skills and secondly wanted to help my wife, because it was her first experience and I understood that it could be very difficult for her. So that we together started this course. I tried to execute tasks a bit earlier than she did and help her to understand how it should be done. But unfortunately during a main task execution she decided to leave this course. As far as you can understand despite of that I have finished stage 0 and almost stage 1) I like this course and studying because it force my brain to work! I like that here you have lots of links and materials where you can find all what you need, but there is no direct decision. You must do it yourself. And after the task is done you have instruments how to solve another assignment with the same approach. I motivated to continue programming because every time when I see a new task I have no idea how to implement that, but I start to try, study, search and by the end of week the task is fully done! Also I believe that I can succeed in programming and find a great job. I hope I will benefit any project where I take part.
